--- PAGE 251 ---
Password Enters the password to your company account. The password is used for the first authentication
and is not saved anywhere, for the subsequent authentications a token is used instead.
Get Token Generates a token that serves for authorization purposes.
During trial validation, the module reads data from an input and sends validation requests to a webservice selected
in theConnection API combo-box. In Inspire Designer the data are all processed as valid, and a summarization
of validation results is displayed in Quadient Cloud.
In Inspire Designer, no corrections or modifications of processed data is performed.
NOTE In scoring trial, only theInfuse US Address Correction (CASS) webservice can be selected in the
Connection API combo-box.
5.4.2 Validation Processing Tab
This tab sets validation processing properties and appears only for some of the services selected from theCon-
nection API combo-box on theGeneral tab.
In addition, its content changes depending on the selected service:
● Options Description
The following options appear if theInfuse International Address Correction (IAC) service is selected from
the Connection API combo-box on theGeneral tab.
Processing mode Sends validation requests synchronously or asynchronously.
○ Asynchronous – Processes requests at once without waiting for the results. This makes it more
suited for large jobs.
Large requests are split as set by theAddresses per asynchronous request option.
○ Synchronous – Processes requests individually, i.e. a request can be sent only after the results
for the previous request are returned.
Large requests are split as set by theAddresses per synchronous request option.
○ Auto – Processes requests synchronously if the number of addresses in requests does not exceed
the Asynchronous threshold.
If the number of addresses is higher, requests are processed asynchronously. Requests are split
as defined by theAddresses per asynchronous requestand Addresses per synchronous request.
5 Data Processing Modules | 236
5.4 Address Validation Module
--- PAGE 252 ---
Asynchronous threshold Processes requests asynchronously if the number of addresses in requests
exceeds the set threshold.
Addresses per asynchronous request Splits large requests forAsynchronous processing based on the
defined value.
Addresses per synchronous request Splits large requests forSynchronous processing based on the
defined value.
Processing timeout (s) Sets a timeout for processing requests (in seconds).
By setting a longer timeout, you can prevent timeout errors encountered when processing large syn-
chronous requests. For asynchronous requests, this option does not typically need to be set.
This is only applicable on Windows.
NOTE Results can differ for synchronous and asynchronous processing.
● Options Description
The following options appear for these services selected from theConnection API combo-box on the
General tab:Infuse US Change Of Address (NCOALink) , Infuse US Address Correction (CASS) , Infuse UK
Deceased, Infuse UK Do Not Mail , Infuse UK Change Of Address (UK NCOA) , Infuse UK NCOA Flagged
and Infuse UK Address Correction (UK CASS) .
Addresses per request Splits large requests for processing based on the specified value.
Processing timeout (s) Sets a timeout for processing requests (in seconds).
By setting a longer timeout, you can prevent timeout errors encountered when processing large syn-
chronous requests. For asynchronous requests, this option does not typically need to be set.
This is only applicable on Windows.
5 Data Processing Modules | 237
5.4 Address Validation Module
--- PAGE 253 ---
5.4.3 Data Mapping Tab
This tab maps custom input data structure containing addresses to the data structure, and the data returned by
the service to an output data structure.
The list of availableService Fields changes depending on the webservice selected forConnection API on the
General tab.
NOTE If one of theMailRoomoptions is selected inConnection API, the addresses that are being validated
may only contain characters within the ASCII range.
If you map a field for one webservice and then select a different one for which the field is not available,
then simply create a new field (by clicking on the <+> sign) with the identical name and the original field's
mapping will be applied. In other words, once you map a field, information about the mapping is preserved.
Similarly, if you create mapping for thePostCode field and then change the webservice, for which there
is only theZipCode field, the original mapping will be kept and applied.
Options Description
Data structure Selects the data source containing addresses which is connected to the Address Validation
module input.
Default country Defines a country which will be added to the validated addresses if theCountry service field
is not set in the table.
NOTE If you selectInfuse International Address Correction (IAC) for Connection API on theGeneral
tab and theCountry is not set or is missing in the data source, then theDefault country will be used.
5 Data Processing Modules | 238
5.4 Address Validation Module
--- PAGE 254 ---
Service Field Depending on the service selected fromConnection API on theGeneral tab, relevant fields in the
data structure are listed to which you map the input data structure. These fields are processed when valid-
ating addresses.
You can add further data fields by clicking on
Create New.
Documentation for the individual fields can be found athttps://support.satorisoftware.com/infuse-web-ser-
vices/api.html
 .
Input Data Field Maps fields in your input data structure to the service fields. The data in those fields will then
be processed in validation requests.
Output Data Field Maps values returned by the service to an output field structure which you will use further
in the workflow.
In case you map the same fields to both input and output, the returned values (potentially changed by the
service) will replace the original input values. If you map different fields to the output fields (e.g. create new
fields), the original data will remain unchanged.
5.4.4 Budget Tab
This tab sets a budget for the selected UK services (except forInfuse UK Address Correction (UK CASS) ). By
setting up a budget, you can determine an amount of money which can be spent on the address validation pro-
cessing. The tab only appears for the following services selected from theConnection API combo-box on the
General tab:
● Infuse UK Deceased
● Infuse UK Do Not Mail
● Infuse UK Change Of Address (UK NCOA)
● Infuse UK NCOA Flagged
5 Data Processing Modules | 239
5.4 Address Validation Module
--- PAGE 255 ---
Options Description
Use budget If selected, the budget settings will be taken into consideration during processing.
Budget (in British Pounds)
Fixed Specifies the budget amount that can be spent.
From data Selects a variable of Int, Int 64 or Double data-type controlling the budget.
Quote report Selects if and where a report containing the quote will be generated and saved:
● Do not generate - Quote report is not generated.
● Generate to fixed path - Saves the quote report to the entered location.
● Generate to variable path - Saves the quote report to the location returned by a variable selected
from the combo-box.
NOTE Content of the report changes depending on the webservice selected from theConnection
API combo-box.
5.4.5 Result Filter Tab
This tab filters data based on the available conditions.
The list of available result codes changes depending on the service selected forConnection API on theGeneral
tab.
5 Data Processing Modules | 240
5.4 Address Validation Module
--- PAGE 256 ---
For the description of the individual fields and their values, see the Quadient Data Services API Reference atAPI
Reference
 .
Options Description
Result Code Lists state codes returned by the service for each address upon processing requests.
Description Specifies meaning of the given result code.
Filter Filters addresses based on their states.
● Accept – Passes addresses in the respective state to the first module output, e.g. to aLayout module.
● Reject – Passes addresses in the respective state to the second module output.
5.4.6 Advanced Tab
This tab sets advanced options. These options change depending on the service selected fromConnection API
on theGeneral tab.
For the description of the individual fields and their values, see the Quadient Data Services API Reference atAPI
Reference
 .
5 Data Processing Modules | 241
5.4 Address Validation Module
--- PAGE 257 ---
5.5 AFP Index Module
See also:
How to Use the AFP Index Module
The AFP Index module can read the TLE (Tag Logical Element) index, NOP (No Operation Performed) comments
and Medium Maps from an AFP file and use them to create an array in the data so that their values can be used
in the Layout design.
5 Data Processing Modules | 242
5.5 AFP Index Module
--- PAGE 258 ---
EXAMPLE If the field that contains the AFP file name is calledAFPfile (as in the screenshot at the start
of this section), then a new array will be created as shown here:
The above screenshot shows a view of the data structure immediately after the AFP Index module. You
can see that the following arrays were created:
● AFPfileIndex named according to the valueAFPfileIndex in theGenerated array edit-box
● AFPfileOther named according to the valueAFPfileOther in theGenerated node edit-box
An example of use for this module can be found in the sectionHow to Use the AFP Index Module.
Options Description
Input Data
Structure Displays the current structure of the data received into the module.
Selecting a field here determines that it is the field that contains the AFP file name from which the index
should be read.
The above screenshot shows just one possible selection of field (AFPfile) but there may be many to
choose from depending on the data input. You can only select one field at a time.
Type Displays the current data-type of each of the listed fields.
Only fields of string or binary data-type can be selected.
5 Data Processing Modules | 243
5.5 AFP Index Module
--- PAGE 259 ---
EXAMPLE The Param Input module can be used to create a field of string data-type that identifies
the path to an AFP file.
Then, that file name could be used in both this module and theInspire Native module in order to import
both the AFP index and the AFP pages together.
Generated array Names the array that will be created in the data.
The field becomes editable, when a string or binary type variable is selected. A suggested name based on
the field location will appear by default.
The array generated from the AFP information is repeated by the pages of the AFP file (i.e. one record = one
page) and contains a set of fields that correspond to its structure. Of these fields, two are always present
on the first level:
● Page – Returns the page number from the AFP file.
● PageGroupBegin – Indicates whether the page is the first of any group defined in the AFP file by re-
turning a Boolean value.
Generated node Names the array that will contain all non-document NOP comments (those that are outside
the Document definition in an AFP file).
The array will contain:
● the Data variable containing the content of the non-document NOPs,
● the Document variable containing a number defining the position of the non-document NOPs in relation
to Document definitions:
○ 0 – the NOP comment is before the first Document definition,
○ 1 – the NOP comment is after the first Document definition,
○ 2 – the NOP comment is after the second Document definition,
○ etc.
The following tabs determine what else should be read in to the workflow from the AFP file:
● Index tab
● Medium Maps tab
5 Data Processing Modules | 244
5.5 AFP Index Module
--- PAGE 260 ---
5.5.1 Index Tab
Options Description
TLEs The options here relate to any TLE index that can be read from an AFP file.
The Tagged Logical Element (TLE) index is a feature of the AFP file format that can also be displayed in an
AFP viewer, identifying and allowing navigation through its pages and different groupings of those pages.
It can be helpful to import this data for use in a workflow. For example, if the pages of an AFP file are indexed
by different account numbers you could use those account numbers in a new layout design.
Examine TLEs If checked, TLEs that are in the AFP file structure will be read into the workflow to appear
in the data structure.
Overwrite encoding of TLEs with If checked, the original encoding of the TLE index will be decoded with
the codec selected in theEncoding combo-box. If left unchecked, the original encoding (which is defined
in the AFP file) will be used.
See the separate sectionText Encoding for a description of theEncoding combo-box.
A new dependent array is generated from the TLEs and contains two fields:
● TLE / AttributeName – Returns the title of any indexing attribute for the AFP page, e.g.Client Surname.
● TLE / AttributeValue – Returns the index value for the AFP page, e.g.Smith.
NOPs The options here relate to NOP comments that can also be read from an AFP file.
Examine NOPs If checked, NOP comments that are in the AFP file structure (and relate to a particular page)
will also be read into the workflow to appear in the data structure.
A NOP comment is regarded as being related to a page if it is immediately before or within the page
definition.
Further select the correct encoding for the NOPs (that one which was used originally for the comments)
in theEncoding combo-box. See the separate sectionText Encoding for a description of theEncoding
combo-box.
A new dependent array is generated from the NOPs containing the field NOP / Data which returns any
NOP comment added to AFP pages.
5 Data Processing Modules | 245
5.5 AFP Index Module
